TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION 
1.1 Purpose 
1.2 Scope 
1.3 Overview 
1.4 Reference Material 
1.5 Definitions and Acronyms 
2. Requirements Description
3. SYSTEM OVERVIEW 
4. SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE 
4.1 Architectural Design 
4.2 Decomposition Description 
4.3 Design Rationale   
5. DATA DESIGN 
5.1Data Description 
     5.2 Data Dictionary 
6. COMPONENT DESIGN 
7. HUMAN INTERFACE DESIGN 
7.1 Overview of User Interface 
7.2 Screen Images 
7.3 Screen Objects and Actions 
8. APPENDICES 
1. INTRODUCTION

1.1 Purpose
The purpose of this document is to outline the technical design of the Unami Sushi and Grills website and to provide an overview for the implementation of the project.
Detail the functionality of the individual components and overall system.
Provide a basis for the Unami website design and development

This document will be updated and refined based on changing requirements.

1.2 Scope
Provide a description and scope of the software and explain the goals, objectives and benefits of your project. This will provide the basis for the brief description of your product.
The goal of the website is to provide Unami Sushi and Asian Grills with a place to show their food items, spread the word of their restaurant, and give their customers
a better idea of what Unami is about. Currently Unami only has a facebook page with minimal photos and information. This site will allow them to boost their credibility 
and reputation by providing more information about each menu item. With more information about their food and history will give customers comfort in actually
coming in and trying various menu items. 

Content is key for the website to impact the customer volume and overall public reputation. By adding photos customers will be able to visualize the item along
with a description, and customer review. Photos of the interior will also be featured for visual aid. 

Customers will interact with the website by posting reviews/comments on certain menu items. These reviews and items 
will be able to be shared through different social media.

History of Unami will add a personal touch to the site and the overall feel of the restaurant environment. 



1.3 Overview
Provide an overview of this document and its organization.
1.4 Reference Material
This section is optional.
List any documents, if any, which were used as sources of information for the test plan.
1.5 Definitions and Acronyms
This section is optional.
Provide definitions of all terms, acronyms, and abbreviations that might exist to properly
interpret the SDD. These definitions should be items used in the SDD that are most likely not 
known to the audience.
2. Requirements
List the system and user requirements for your project. 
3. 
S
YSTEM 
O
VERVIEW
Give a general description of the functionality, context and design of your project. Provide any 
background information if necessary.
4. S
YSTEM 
A
RCHITECTURE
4.1 Architectural Design
Develop a modular program structure and explain the relationships between the modules to 
achieve the complete functionality of the system. This is a high level overview of how 
responsibilities of the system were partitioned and then assigned to subsystems. Identify each 
high level subsystem and the roles or responsibilities assigned to it. Describe how these 
subsystems collaborate with each other in order to achieve the desired functionality. Don’t go 
into too much detail about the individual subsystems. The main purpose is to gain a general 
understanding of how and why the system was decomposed, and how the individual parts work 
together. Provide a diagram showing the major subsystems and data repositories and their 
interconnections. Describe the diagram if required.
4.2 Decomposition Description
Provide a decomposition of the subsystems in the architectural design. Supplement with text as 
needed
For an OO description, put subsystem model, object diagrams,
generalization hierarchy diagram(s) (if any), aggregation hierarchy diagram(s) (if any),
interface specifications, and sequence diagrams here.
4.3 Design Rationale
Discuss the rationale for selecting the architecture described in 3.1 including critical issues and 
trade/offs that were considered. You may discuss other architectures that were considered, 
provided that you explain why you didn’t choose them.
5. D
ATA 
D
ESIGN
5.1 Data Description
Explain how the information domain of your system is transformed into data structures.
Describe how the major data or system entities are stored, processed and organized. List any 
databases or data storage items.
5.2 Data Dictionary
Alphabetically list the system entities or major data along with their types and descriptions. If 
you provided a functional description in Section 3.2, list all the functions and function 
parameters. If you provided an OO description, list the objects and its attributes, methods and 
method parameters.
6. C
OMPONENT 
D
ESIGN
In this section, we take a closer look at what each component does in a more systematic way. 
Summarize each object function for all the objects listed in 3.2. Describe any local data when 
necessary.
7. HUMAN INTERFACE DESIGN
7.1 Overview of User Interface
Describe the functionality of the system from the user’s perspective. Explain how the user will 
be able to use your system to complete all the expected features and the feedback information 
that will be displayed for the user.
7.2 Screen Images
Display screenshots showing the interface from the user’s perspective. These can be handdrawn 
or you can use an automated drawing tool. Just make them as accurate as possible.
(Graph paper works well.)
7.3 Screen Objects and Actions
A discussion of screen objects and actions associated with those objects.
8. A
PPENDICES
This section is optional.
Appendices may be included, either directly or by reference, to provide supporting details that could
aid in the understanding of the Software Design Document
